.TH weatherman 1  "January 12, 2013" "version 1.2.2" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
weatherman \- Display weather information from the command line
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B weatherman
[
.I options
] [
.I LOCATION
]
.LP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B weatherman
displays weather information for a given location.  You can specify a city (i.e. "Tokyo, Japan") or a US zip code for the location.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-m
Use metric units (Celcius, millibars, millimeters).  This is the default.
.TP
.B \-e
Use English units (Fahrenheit, inches)
.TP
.B \-x
Show extended forecast
.TP
.B \-F FORMAT
Print the output using the specified format.  Data can be referenced with sequence characters listed below. Escape sequences are also interpreted. This option is not usable with extended forcasts.

   %%     a literal %

   %u     temperature unit label (C or F)

   %l     location

   %n     weather station name

   %o     observation time

   %a     severe weather alert text

   %c     current temperature

   %T     high temperature

   %t     low temperature

   %i     heat index or "feels like" temperature

   %h     humidity

   %d     dew point

   %w     wind speed

   %W     wind direction

   %g     average wind speed

   %p     pressure

   %r     rain

   %R     average rain for the month

   %s     time of sunrise

   %S     time of sunset

   %m     moon phase
.TP
.B \-S
Save unit and location setting to ~/.weathermanrc.  If either are not specified, it will use the setting from ~/.weathermanrc
.TP
.B \-h
Display the help text and exit.
.TP
.B \-v
Display version information and exit.
.SH EXAMPLES
Display the weather information for Tokyo, Japan:
.PP
.B weatherman
"Tokyo, Japan"
.PP
Display the weather information with English units for the 77001 zip code:
.PP
.B weatherman
\-e 77001
.PP
Display the current temperature by itself for Tokyo, Japan:
.PP
.B weatherman
\-F'%c %u' "Tokyo Japan"
.PP
A more detailed example followed by the resulting output:
.PP
.B weatherman
\-F'The high and low temps for %l are %T %u and %t %u with a humidity of %h%%' "Tokyo, Japan"

The high and low temps for Tokyo, Japan are 17 C and 16 C with a humidity of 63%
.SH PROJECT HOMEPAGE
http://darkhorse.nu/weatherman
.SH AUTHOR
Rob Hunter <rhunter@darkhorse.nu>
.SH LICENSE
weatherman is distributed under a FreeBSD license.
